well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
scarlet Britney Spears fran drescher and
how they relate to systemic change don't
laugh don't laugh today in 1961 the
Soviets uh sent up Sputnik ten what we
call Sputnik 10 here in the US they call
something else over there
aboard Sputnik 10 was a mannequin and a
dog a puppy dog's name was starlet
starlett was given that name by Yuri
Gagarin Yuri Gagarin was the first
person in space starlit became the first
dog in orbit why were the Soviets
sending up dogs at this point in time
they had done it a number of times
why were they sending up dogs scientists
already said they kind of felt a little
bad because they weren't really learning
enough to justify doing it because not
all the dogs made it so why were they
doing it because nobody cares about a
mannequin nobody cares about an
inanimate object is interesting as space
travel is as interesting as that idea is
it's just a mannequin
it's just something thrown out there who
cares but with starlett on board well
then it's interesting
then it's interesting it captures the
imagination it helps get that message
out to the general populace starlets
capture the imagination
if you don't know over the last day or
two Britney Spears and Fran Drescher
have taken to social media and seemed to
have endorsed some pretty radical ideas
ideas that would lead to systemic change
no way because that is uh it's one of
the responses you've seen two main
responses to this one is a supportive
yet joking yes queen of the proletariat
and I got a live man I made some jokes
to the other is man I wish it wasn't
them why they're ideal they are ideal
these are notable figures who are easily
recognized within the mainstream and
they are carrying these ideas with them
radical ideas related to systemic change
are scary by their very nature to have
systemic change you have to give up the
system you have to give up what you know
in favor of the unknown the unknown is
scary it's that simple
it's less scary coming from Britney
Spears somebody who was America's
Sweetheart then it is coming from
somebody else it's much less threatening
Britney Spears isn't afraid of it why
should I be and it gets the idea out
there yeah I mean there's plenty of
jokes to be made there is and that's
fine but make sure you are supportive of
the idea and you're drawing attention to
the idea I know there is the idea that
we should be looking to our political
leaders for this the reality is that's
not where it's going to come from if you
want systemic change you're not going to
get it from the system
you can't expect that even if they're
blue if you won't proof of that look at
that wonderful stimulus package take a
look at how much was designated to
hospitals a hundred and thirty billion
dollars during this mess then take a
look at how much was designated for
major corporations the system told you
how much of values you
they put a dollar figure on it you're
not important you are not important
there are very few people who have the
level of integrity necessary to get
inside the system and maintain their
ideals the pressures of the system are
immense most people can't do it you
cannot look to them for leadership even
if they're on your team it's not gonna
come from there it is not going to come
from there however
it becomes easier to question and it
becomes easier to point out to those
within the mainstream those who don't
hold these radical ideas who may never
have been exposed to them Britney Spears
isn't afraid of the phrases general
strike or redistribution of wealth why
is Mitch McConnell if Fran Drescher can
offer an open critique of capitalism why
can't man see Pelosi it helps carry the
message you cut a war with the army you
have they enlisted give them the support
they need if you had told me 20 years
ago that during the nation facing down
the greatest threat it has seen in a
very long time that I would be sitting
at home watching Netflix and recording a
video to defend Britney Spears as
political positions I probably want to
laughed at you because that's not how
that's not how should work I should have
been at the Teague's out there doing
something right we all have this image
of how it's going to play out no plan
survives first contact we've had first
contact we've got to advocate for
systemic change during this because when
we come out of this it's the time to
make it it's the time to push hard for
it so we have to get these ideas into
the mainstream and they're doing the job
for us
we need to offer them the support they
need you got to work yeah this isn't a
situation that I expected but if push
comes to shove yeah I would be happy to
be on the barricades with Brittany and
France absolutely
we need to encourage more celebrities
more people with influence that are
outside of the system to introduce those
radical ideas to the general populace to
the mainstream we've got to it's going
to be really important these ideas can't
be new they have to have already heard
of them some of them are going to be
necessary if we want the systemic change
we have to act like it we have to act
like anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good day